A computer system is a complex system that is made up of many different hardware and software components, which are organized and interconnected in a specific way to
enable the system to perform a wide range of tasks. The overall organization and interconnection of these components is referred to as the "computer structure" of the
system.

At a high level, a computer system typically consists of a central processing unit (CPU), main memory, and one or more input/output (I/O) devices. The CPU is the
primary computational unit of the system, responsible for executing instructions and performing computational tasks. It is typically composed of several functional
units, such as the control unit, the arithmetic logic unit, and the memory unit, which work together to execute instructions and perform operations on data.

The main memory of a computer system stores data and instructions that are being used or processed by the CPU. It is typically organized as a hierarchy of storage
units with different sizes and access times, such as registers, cache, and main memory. The registers are the smallest and fastest level of memory, used to store data
and instructions that are currently being accessed or executed by the CPU. The cache is a medium-sized and faster level of memory that stores frequently accessed data
and instructions. The main memory is the largest and slowest level of memory, used to store data and instructions that are not currently being used by the CPU but may
be needed in the future.

The I/O devices of a computer system are used to input data into the system (e.g., through a keyboard or mouse) and output data from the system (e.g., through a
display screen or printer). These devices are typically connected to the system through a set of interfaces, such as USB ports or Ethernet ports, which use specific
protocols to transmit data between the devices and the computer system.

The various functional units of a computer system are interconnected and communicate with one another through a set of buses, which are used to transmit data and
control signals between the different components of the system. The CPU communicates with the main memory and I/O devices through these buses, using a set of
instructions defined by the instruction set architecture (ISA) of the system. The ISA specifies the interface between the hardware and software of the system, and
defines the set of instructions that the CPU is able to execute.

In addition to the basic structure described above, modern computer systems often include other functional units and features to support advanced capabilities
such as parallelism and concurrency, security, and high-speed networking. These features may be implemented using specialized hardware units, such as multi-core
processors or hardware accelerators, or through the use of software techniques such as multi-threading and multi-processing.
